Update Docker Engine requirements (#1992)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/before-installing/index.html.md

<a id="software-requirements"></a>

### Docker Engine Requirements

Terraform Enterprise requires **at least one** of the following Docker Engine configurations, in order of preference:

  1. Docker Engine 17.06.2-ce, 18.09.x, 19.03.x, or 20.10.x with `runc` v1.0.0-rc93 or greater.
  2. Docker Engine 20.10.x with `libseccomp` 2.4.4 or greater.
  3. Docker Engine 17.06.2-ce, 18.09.x, 19.03.x, or 20.10.x using a modified `libseccomp` profile.

> 

Author: Should we include some information here about the online installer installing Docker Engine for you, but not verifying the `runc` et al requirements?

Similarly, should we include information here about the airgap installation needing to install Docker Engine prior to the installation process being executed?

If so, what should that wording look like?

Reviewer: For the first point:
```suggestion

-> **Note:** The online installer is not capable of verifying the Docker Engine configuration requirements.

```

For the second point, the instructions as proposed already include the installation of Docker Engine, so perhaps we can modify them to note that step is only necessary for airgap installations.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, maybe something like "New, online installations of Terraform Enterprise will have the appropriate version of Docker installed automatically. Airgap installations, and upgrades (online and airgap) will require manual intervention." ??

#### Option 1: Docker Engine With a Compatible `runc` Version

1. [Install](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) Docker Engine 17.06.2-ce, 18.09.x, 19.03.x, or 20.10.x for your operating system.
1. Install the latest version of `containerd` for your operating system.
  - On Debian/Ubuntu:

        ```
        sudo apt install containerd
        ```
  - On RHEL/CentOS:

        ```
        sudo yum install containerd.io
        ```

1. Confirm that the installed `containerd` version is 1.4.9, 1.5.5, or greater.

    ```
    containerd --version
    ```

1. Confirm that the installed `runc` version is v1.0.0-rc93 or greater:

    ```
    runc --version
    ```

1. If your Docker Engine and `runc` versions meet the requirements from previous steps, your system is properly configured. Otherwise, proceed to [option 2](#option-2-docker-engine-with-a-compatbile-libseccomp-version).

> #### Option 2: Docker Engine With a Compatbile `libseccomp` Version

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Option 2: Docker Engine With a Compatible `libseccomp` Version
```

<a id="software-requirements"></a>

> ### Docker Engine Requirements

Author: Do we want to cover the 3rd case of overriding the default `libseccomp` profile?

https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Release_Notes_for_Alpine_3.14.0#faccessat2

Reviewer: I think it's probably reasonably to include for customers who can't upgrade Docker immediately.

Author: Done!

    runc --version
    ```

> 1. If your Docker Engine and `runc` versions meet the requirements from previous steps, you're all set! Otherwise, proceed to [option 2](#option-2-docker-engine-with-a-compatbile-libseccomp-version).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. If your Docker Engine and `runc` versions meet the requirements from previous steps, your system is properly configured. Otherwise, proceed to [option 2](#option-2-docker-engine-with-a-compatbile-libseccomp-version).
```
